You can't look at the surface.
Sometimes a decision
It can transform the development of a city
Just buy that land
brother
I trust you.
Don't worry, I'll do it.
Husband is going to have surgery tomorrow, are you afraid?
I used to be afraid
Not afraid now
Because I know you will be with me
Don't worry, the doctor said the bone marrow is a good match
What about the success rate of surgery?
Almost 100%
Li Yi
Come to my office
Okay, I'll go and have a look.
Yeah, OK.
Doctor, what happened?
Li Yi
The person whose bone marrow was donated by Tang Xue has disappeared
Lost contact
How come?
Isn't he also in this hospital?
No, all the checks have been done
Are you waiting for the surgery tomorrow?
We investigated surveillance
Before that person disappeared
Someone met him
Do you know who it is?